Hello and welcome in this new section we're going to discover another New York futures of deam when
in distinction we're going to cover do heights of ability or we call it h h h h or the.
Height of humidity.
So what is this fair height of obesity.
The purpose of this fair height and ability is very simple.
Of course the first condition that you need to have two Isak's I host the minimum you should have three
or six.
I host the height of a meal if you want to work only with what ESX I host.
So the requirement is to have two E6 I host and of course we need to have a cluster to be able to do
height of ability as you do in the previous section from now to talk with us.
We're going to do need to have a cluster before getting this option.
So for example we have two years I host and we have Vitry and a machine that's run in do is.
I Hulst number one.
For example this is X I host and we use a virtual machine that for example have active duty or exchange
or any sort risk or application in your company.
In a case that's something wrong happened to the host.
This is I Haast for example have a filer or up or down or anything else that make this I host out of
service automatically.
This virtual machine will be out of service.
This virtual machine that is running in this host and for example someone in plug the cable of the power
to this host.
So automatically it's like you unplug the power cable of this machine.
So this machine is out of service right now.
But in the case that we do this fear of everything what would happen this machine will be rebooted in
another host like that.
So you see this machine after it for example to put three minutes this machine would be powered on in
this Haast or I-10.
So this is do purpose of do this fear heights of mobility.
So next we'll discover more details about of.